Patient description
Patient is 63 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain, diabetes. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with a mass in the neck of the pancreas and the diagnosis unclear. On EUS there was desmoplastic ductal adenocarcinoma and on biopsy there was MMR wild-type.
Patient is 63 year old male. Symptoms include indigestion, back pain, unexplained unexplained weight loss. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with a 3cm mass in the head of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unlcear and liver metastases. There was a failed liver biopsy before EUS. On EUS there was moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 78 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain, unexplained weight loss. On CT there was confirmed liver metastes and pancreatic abnomalities with a solid mass and pancreatic cysts with cystic lesions in the head of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was desmoplastic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 82 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain, jaundice. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with 5.5cm localised mass in the head of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 84 year old female. Surveillance CT showed lung metasteses, pancreatic abnormalities with a 2.5cm mass on the body of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 48 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain.  On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with a 2.6cm mass in the body of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear.  On EUS there was poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 58 male. Symptoms include abdominal pain, jaundice, unexplained weight loss. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with a 3.5cm mass in the head of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 56 year old female. Symptoms include dark urine, suspected UTI. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with a 70 x 40 mm mass in the talk of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumor. 
Patient is 60 year old female. Symptoms include abdominal pain, nasuea. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with 4cm mass in the head of the pacnreas and the diagnosis was unclear. on ERCP with a stent and EUS there was moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 62 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with a 35mm mass in the body of the pancreas and  the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 54 year old female. Symptoms include abdominal pain. On CT there was liver metasteses and pancreatic abnormalities with mass in the tail of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 74 year old male. Symptoms include shortness of breath. On CT which included the best, abdomen and pelvis, there were  pancreatic abnormalities with a 4cm mass on the body of the pancreas. On EUS there was  poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 41 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain, unexplained weight loss. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with 3.3cm tumour on the body of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was poorly  differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 79 year old male. Symptoms include unexplained weight loss, new-onset diabetes, COPD. On CT there was pancreatic abnormalities and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was a 30mm lesion on the neck of the pancreas and poorly  differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 76 year old female. Symptoms include unexplained weight loss, new-onset diabetes. On CT there was biliary obstruction and the diagnosis was unclear. On MRI and EUS there was a 30mm lesion in the head of the pancreas and ductal adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 77 year old male. Symptoms include obstructive jaundice. On CT there was biliary obstruction for which ECRP is being offered and the diagnosis was unclear. There is no tissure diagnosis and EUS showed a 40mm mass and poorly  differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 59 year old female. On CT there was pancreatic cysts with an enhancing solid component in the cyst. More information was needed for diagnosis and the likelihood of malignancy for the cyst. On EUS there was a 35mm mass and adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 57 year old male. Symptoms include unexplained weight loss, abdominal pain. On CT there were pancreatic abnormalities with 5cm mass on the body of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was 36mm mass on the body of the pancreas and moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
Patient is 68 year old male. Symptoms include abdominal pain. On CT there were kidney stones, liver metasteses and pancreatic abnormalities with 27mm mass in tail of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. More information is needed on the clinical management of the pateint. On EUS there was mucinous adenocarcinoma.
Patient is 67 year old female. Symptoms include multiple transient ischemic attacks. On CT, which included the chest, abdomen and pelvis, there was pancreatic abnormalities and pancreatic cysts with cystic lesions in the head of the pancreas and the diagnosis was unclear. On EUS there was a 40mm lesion in the head of the pancreas and adenocarcinoma.